♪ MTV ♪
♪ hopeful music ♪
***
[chanting indistinctly]
[Taylan] Okay, so, your head
goes back first,
then your shoulders,
then just bring
your feet up and around.
[Maddy]
Okay.
Sam, go inside
before you get hurt.
Mom, Taylan said
to go back inside,
but she was supposed to...
- I'm never having children.
- [girls laugh]
[Taylan] Okay,
so this is what you're gonna do.
Just, like, start it off
with something simple like...
...that.
And then just, like, go off
from there into, like,
a back handspring.
I saw that.
[chuckles]
Quite a talent.
Guess you'll be cheering
for the Commanders, eh?
Commanders suck.
Aha. Ravens fan.
- How'd you know?
- Oh.
I can spot you guys a mile away.
- [chuckles]
- [doorbell rings]
- Denise.
- Mr. Secretary.
- Byron here?
- Yes, yes,
- please come in.
- Thank you.
Kids are growing like weeds.
More like a fungus.
[both laugh]
Well, soon that fungus
will all be gone,
and you'll only remember
the flowers.
[Martinotti over TV] Why would
a journalist be offended...
- [Denise] Byron.
- ...when I won't simply
take your word for it...
- [Mullins] Ah, thank you.
- [Denise] Mm-hmm.
- Sit.
- ...to corroborate an assertion?
Let me know if I can
- get you anything.
- Thanks, hon.
...is an embarrassment
to the nation...
Ah, leave it on. Leave it on.
I haven't listened
to the pundits today.
There are 64 million
Latinos in America.
"Latino"? Do you think
that's an appropriate term
in our current climate, Dan?
So, what should I say?
Should I say Latinx?
I should just invent a term...
Oh, hell, I stand corrected.
Turn that shit off.
- [chuckles softly]
- ...to satisfy your aversion
- to being disagreed with?
- [Weintraub] It's not about...
- [mutes TV]
- How the fuck are we supposed
to seek solutions when
we can't agree on what language
to use to discuss the problem?
If you want my opinion, sir,
news stopped being news
when they started
- doing it 24 hours a day.
- You got it.
It became entertainment
and a poor form at that.
Court jesters who have fallen
out of favor with the king.
- [chuckles softly]
- Now they're mocking
the court itself.
Before long, the court's
gonna start chanting,
"Off with their heads."
And they know it.
In a decade no pillar
of journalism will exist
in its current form.
New York Times, Washington Post,
Wall Street Journal,
they stopped reporting the news
and started telling us
what they think the news is
and what our opinion
of that news should be.
Americans have
always been gullible,
but they're not stupid.
Lie to them enough,
and they won't trust you
to tell them the sun's rising.
[chuckles softly]
We have a problem, Byron.
We're trying to contain it, sir.
We've isolated all the elements
that risk our exposure.
It seem to me
that when our strike team gets
ambushed on U.S. soil,
the exposure is already
beyond containment.
Agreed.
And explain this to me.
Explain suicide bombers
along the border.
Well, it certainly
doesn't benefit the cartels.
Right? It's likely they had
no knowledge of it.
The drone strikes reek
of Russian
or Iranian counterintelligence,
and the fact that the bomber
himself shouted out in prayer
prior to detonation...
We believe it's
Iranian counterintelligence
through a proxy at the behest
of Chinese intelligence.
To what end?
I mean, there's stirring
the hornet's nest,
and then there's kicking it.
We believe it serves
two purposes.
One is to continue
the destabilization
of the border
in order to influence
the election.
The other's a mask
to shift our intelligence
focus stateside.
The American people are
so completely
lacking in intellect
that they need you, the media,
to tell them
how to think and feel...
We have information
from both Jordanian intelligence
and Mossad that two Chinese
nuclear scientists are
stationed in Hakkâri, Turkey
with plans to transport
into Tehran sometime next week.
...and TV...
♪ ominous music ♪
***
Where were you on 9/11?
I, uh...
I was a junior case officer
in Islamabad.
[chuckles]
In the middle of it
from the start, huh?
Yes, I was.
Huh.
I was in my third term
in the House.
You will recall that there was
some question
about the legitimacy
of the election
of our 43rd president.
So much so that we decided
that his first term
would be his only term.
So, to that end we stonewalled
every appointment.
And I'm not just talking
about the cabinet.
I'm talking
about bench appointments,
U.S. attorney appointments.
If he tried to get a kid
into the Naval Academy,
we figured out a way
to block it.
[laughs]
Petty as that is.
Then 9/11.
And instantly,
Congress, the press,
and everybody in
the United States turned to him
as our commander in chief.
We relied on him to lead us,
to speak and act
on our behalf, and he did.
When he spoke to Congress
September the 20th,
he scared the shit out of every
leader in the world.
Terrified them
into behaving for a decade.
Say what you want
about what he did after, but...
you can't say anything
about a man
who stood before Congress
and emboldened the nation
to come together.
We needed a leader.
And a leader arose.
We trusted him to rise.
What eroded that trust?
What got us
to where we are today?
I don't know all
the ingredients in that soup,
but I know some.
And nobody's innocent.
Not one president,
not one member of Congress,
not the press, nobody.
[sighs]
2,977 people
died on 9/11.
And I'm not including
the fucking hijackers
in my count.
And we came together.
Over a million died in COVID.
Almost tore us apart.
The difference in leaders.
And right now we don't have one.
The enemy is at the gate and...
we left it wide open.
Slamming it shut now
would end careers.
Could end yours, could end mine.
But we have to do it.
They found a way in.
And I'm not talking
about starving families
from Guatemala.
The cartels earned
$13 billion dollars
last year on human trafficking.
Starving families don't have
13 billion to spend.
I'm aware.
Mm.
Well, we're not the only country
with open borders.
Maybe it's time we reminded
our adversaries of that.
We can do that.
Good.
[inhales]
Okay.
You, uh...
you keep us informed, okay?
But only after
the mission has begun.
What, you don't...
I mean, the committee doesn't
need to give approval, sir?
Oh, hell.
[laughs]
It will absolutely
need approval.
That's how we'll stop you.
So don't ask.
[exhales]
Sir, I have a family.
You can't ask me to jump
on that grenade.
No, no, no.
I'm only asking you to throw it.
I'll jump on it.
♪ dramatic, haunting music ♪
***
- [grunts, screams]
- [nurse] Look at me. Look at me.
Okay, you're in recovery.
You're safe.
Get off. Get off!
[nurse]
I need help! Come on.
You're-you're out of surgery.
Lay back.
I need five milligrams
of Haldol.
[cries]
Come on, get her down!
- [screaming]
- I need five milligrams Haldol.
- Quickly, quickly.
- [Joe] No, no, no.
[nurse] You're gonna feel better
in a couple seconds.
[whimpers]
[exhales]
[monitor beeping fading]
- [rattling]
- [Neal whispers] Hey.
I got some ice.
Don't chew it.
[exhales]
Are the girls here?
Yeah. In the waiting room.
I can grab 'em.
Did you tell them what...
why I'm here?
Uh...
[door opens]
This is how I'd prefer
you wake up from now on.
There's a fair amount
of wildcat in this one
coming out of anesthesia.
I have no doubt.
You mind?
Turns out, it wasn't a bullet.
It was a fragment
of your cell phone
that lacerated
your hepatic artery.
We performed anastomosis
to close the dissection,
then wrapped the artery in
a mesh to increase its strength.
The chances of repeat
arterial dissection are limited,
but no heavy lifting,
no intense activities--
jiujitsu, boxing,
any of that stuff you tried
on my nurses, okay?
[sighs]
For how long?
Like you to take it
pretty easy for the next week.
You don't have to stay in bed,
but let's not do any
wind sprints for a while.
You start feeling dizzy,
lethargic, sudden chills,
straight to the ER
with you, okay?
What if waiting a week
isn't possible?
Look, I don't know what you do,
but I've got a pretty good idea
what you do.
I've done this procedure
on operators
that jumped out of planes
the following week
without any issue,
and I've had one bend over
to pick up a towel
and bleed out
in the next 15 minutes.
All I'll say is,
if the devil's showing aces,
think it through
before playing your hand.
You know what I mean?
We're gonna keep her
one more night,
then you can take her home.
You know the signs
to look out for.
I do. Thank you.
It was cruel to call you.
- [sighs]
- [inhales sharply]
But I had a chance
to hear your voice again,
and I took it.
Apology not accepted.
Here's what I learned,
our girls are strong.
They'll survive, right?
They'll hurt.
They'll be angry,
they'll act out,
all the things people do when
they lose someone they love,
but they'll survive, Joe.
Me?
Joe...
I won't.
I won't make it, Joe.
And I'm not telling you
to quit doing what you do.
There's no ultimatums,
but goddamn it,
if you die doing this, Joe,
you're gonna kill me, too.
[sighs]
I'm not strong enough
to live without you, Joe.
Duty's not a choice, Neal.
Oh, don't give me that shit.
Then leave me.
Divorce me.
I took this oath
before you married me,
and you knew it,
which means you took it, too.
We both swore to sacrifice me,
and if you're not strong enough,
then get stronger
'cause I can't
unswear this oath.
♪ somber music ♪
***
[Neal grunts softly]
[sniffles]
You think I don't regret it?
You think it doesn't terrify me?
And I'll... tell you one thing,
it terrifies me more every day.
It was so much easier when
our marriage was a fucking mess
and our children hated me.
And I'm hunting how to make
peace with walking away for you,
for them, for me.
But I have to find it,
and I haven't yet, okay?
And you can't fucking guilt me,
you can't reason me,
and you can't love me
into doing it.
It has to be my way.
Well, I hope you find it
before you run out of chances.
[door closes]
[sniffles]
***
[elevator bell dings]
- Hey.
She awake?
Yeah. Right over there.
She up for a visitor?
Depends what you're
visiting about.
She's got a family, you know.
We all have families, Neal.
There's lucky,
and then there's you.
- I'm not feeling too lucky.
- [chuckles]
Be that as it may...
[sighs]
How many migrants in the group?
Can you remember?
Not many. Dozen maybe.
- How many in their detail?
- Twice that, at least.
[sighs]
You think ambush?
One team hitting a rendezvous
point to link to another?
With overwatch?
Drones were the last to hit us.
In an ambush they hit first.
If we were the target
of the bomber,
why not let us get in close?
Bomber wasn't there for us.
He was there for contain.
To keep us from an asset.
Their version
of a cruise missile.
We've been reactive
from the start.
I think it's time
we initiate action.
You can run it from Langley.
That's not what I do.
That's Kaitlyn's job.
My job is on the ground.
We have Cruz on the ground.
You direct her.
Sir, Byron...
Cruz is not a case officer.
She doesn't need to be.
She has you for that.
We debrief tomorrow.
You can dial in.
I'll be there,
and I will decide which members
of my team are deployed where.
They are not your team.
They are my team.
Which is to say they are the
United States government's team,
and they are,
to a man, expendable.
They would be missed,
they would be mourned,
but they would be replaced.
You, unfortunately for both
of us, cannot be replaced.
You are not expendable.
They are a force.
You're a force multiplier.
And I am guilty of being
way too cavalier with you,
and that stops now.
You rest up.
Desk ain't any easier.
♪ dramatic music ♪
***
How's it going here?
It's pretty fucked-up.
What about you?
Yeah, about the same.
We need the gate.
- Got a room ready for him?
- Yep. Right this way.
What am I walking into?
So, upstairs I got Carrillo
and the maid.
Bring me the maid.
[groaning]
What's that shit gonna do to me?
It's gonna make you
a little jumpy.
Heart's gonna race.
You might feel a little dizzy.
There's been reports
of suicidal thoughts,
but that won't be an issue
if you lie to us.
I ain't lying.
Well, we're about to find out.
Give it your best shot.
I plan to.
¿Hablas inglés?
[Atzi]
Sí.
You thirsty?
Yes.
Grab us some water.
You're not in any danger.
You've done nothing wrong.
I just, I'm gonna need you
to answer some questions
for me truthfully.
Can you do that?
Yes. I will tell you the truth.
What date is Christmas?
December 25th.
- Are you married?
- Yes.
[Kyle]
What color is my shirt?
Blue.
You ever cheated on your taxes?
No.
No shit?
[laughs]
Well, I sure as hell
cheat on mine.
You ever cheated on that wife?
No.
Have you ever taken a bribe?
♪ menacing music ♪
No.
[Kyle]
No, huh?
Is DEA your only source
of income?
Yes.
You ever been offered payment
by a criminal or representative
of a criminal organization?
Yes.
Did you accept that payment?
No.
[Kyle]
Huh.
Did you report the offer
to, uh, your agency
- or another agency?
- No.
Why the fuck not?
No, don't-don't-don't
fucking lie to me
'cause I'll pick it apart,
and you goddamn know it. Hmm?
Answer the question.
You were offered payment
by a criminal
or representative
of a criminal organization?
Yes.
Did you accept the payment?
No.
- Did you report the offer?
- No.
Why not?
We're gonna place you
in protective custody.
Do you know what that means?
Get Cruz.
Cruz, they want you downstairs.
Hey.
You take a break. I got this.
[sighs]
[grunts]
Another woman.
Yeah. Fuck, I know.
Lot of girl power around here.
[scoffs] You don't know power.
Is that right?
Not yet.
But you will.
[shaky breathing]
¿Hace cuánto trabajas aquí?
Seis años.
[Meade]
What does he do?
¿En qué trabaja él?
Abogado.
[Cruz]
Says he's a lawyer.
How often does he go
to the office?
Every day from 10 a.m. to four.
And how do you know
Raymond Gutierrez?
I was his nanny.
And now he pays you to inform
on Mr. Carrillo's
business dealings?
[stammers]
I can't.
N-No puedo discutir.
Es muy peligroso.
Mr. Carrillo can't hurt you.
He has no recourse.
He never will.
You're just gonna have
to choose sides.
His or ours.
Escoge un lado.
Ya yo escogí su lado.
Escogí su lado desde
el principio.
[Cruz]
She said she chose yours.
She chose it from the start.
All I've tried to do
is help you!
Answer the question!
- You answer mine first.
- No, no, no.
We're not playing
fucking games with you.
I need your word
that my answer
stays in this fucking room.
Well, that depends
on your answer, asshole.
Oh, fuck you.
This ain't even legal.
- Answer the fucking question.
- No, no, no, no.
You got kidnapping,
false imprisonment,
aggravated fucking assault.
- Answer the question!
- Not to mention
violation
of Executive Order 12333.
[Kyle] I'm surprised
you know about that one.
[Two Cups]
Fancy.
[Kyle] Now why don't
you answer the question?
[gun cocks]
You're the same as they are.
You're exactly the fucking same.
No. We are much fucking worse.
[panting]
Answer the goddamn question.
Does my answer
leave this fucking room?
[Kyle] Your answer
doesn't leave this room.
And neither do you
unless you answer my question.
[Gutierrez exhales heavily]
I didn't report it...
...'cause I killed the man
who made the offer.
Name.
Keith Roberts.
Everybody called him Sandy.
[scoffs]
He was one of you guys.
No, he wasn't.
There's lost causes.
And then there's my fucking job.
[sniffles]
You guys need
to understand something.
We can't keep drugs
out of our own fucking prisons.
So how are we gonna
keep a product
that's worth
over $300 billion dollars
from crossing
2,000 miles of border
and over 12,000 miles
of fucking shoreline?
DEA seized 29 tons
of narcotics last year.
Customs seized 120 tons
and 1.1 billion units
of fucking fentanyl.
They didn't even feel it.
They've bought just
the right amount of sheriffs,
the right amount of judges,
congressmen...
special agents...
senators...
to bypass
the whole fucking system.
And then you guys come in and...
[chuckles softly]
...think you're gonna solve
the whole fucking problem?
[sighs]
Kaitlyn.
Well... [exhales]
He's a Boy Scout.
She corroborates.
All right.
[sighs]
Would've been easier
if he was on the take.
Yeah, probably.
So what's the play here?
I mean, this is clearly blown.
Clean up the mess, uh,
get to Langley,
and we'll plan
our next move from there.
[whispering] Sorry, I don't
want to overstep my bounds here,
but this is a fucking shit show.
We need to get him moved to a
black site overseas immediately.
Dallas PD is all over
the Carrillo estate
and the house next door,
not to mention we have
a DEA agent who's over 24 hours
removed from his desk
and his family.
This is
a ticking fucking time bomb.
We got a safe site
in Costa Rica.
We could use Nassau
or the Caymans, but I need
to clue in MI6, or we'll have
all sorts of problems.
No.
No partners.
Use the site in San José.
And I'm gonna talk
to our special agent.
[groans]
Can I have a moment
with him, please?
I'd rather you not be alone
- in here with him.
- I'm a big girl.
I'll be right outside.
[Gutierrez clears throat]
Well, you can understand
our suspicion.
You begin following
a case agent,
and then you bring them in
on a raid across the border
and then a raid with all
the trappings of an ambush.
You have an informant
in the target's residence.
- You never inform--
- I know what it looked like.
How do we move on from this?
How do we find common ground?
How do we not forget
the reason we came together
in the first place?
Hmm?
[breathes deeply]
What is your play with Carrillo?
Not sure.
I mean, the original plan
is obviously not an option.
So...
[chuckles softly]
You've come this far.
You want to see it
all the way through?
Put all of this behind you?
There's one thing
I could take from all of this.
[inhales]
Is that when you guys
pin someone as the enemy...
...you don't hold back.
No, we don't.
You know,
his organization knows.
They know he's gone.
They know something happened.
That could be to our advantage.
I don't see how.
They've lost their initiative.
It's their turn to react.
And you see how that's
working out for them.
Yeah.
Randy?
Give him his service weapon.
Give him his cell phone.
We are back on the same side.
♪ tense music ♪
***
No hard feelings.
Oh, there's a mountain
of hard fucking feelings.
I'm just gonna put 'em aside
for now.
Okay.
Hey.
No, it, uh, it was a work thing.
♪ intense music ♪
***
[pilot]
Starting our final descent!
Know what I find interesting?
Three days.
We're going on three days,
and you have never once
asked what this was about.
Not once.
[chuckles softly]
Get up.
Walk forward till I say stop.
[engine starts]
[sighs]
I'm leaving all my shit
in the back of the truck.
Is it safe?
It's the safest street
in America.
Besides, they got guns
in all their cars, too, so...
You want a beer?
No, thanks.
Actually, sure, yeah.
- Yeah?
- Why not?
[exhales]
[sighs]
Where do you think
they took them?
Safe site.
WitPro, maybe.
You might just be off the hook.
No matter what happens,
I'll never be off the hook.
Not with him.
He always treat you like that?
I know the type.
My beatings,
they came from a revolving door
of my mother's boyfriends.
Funny thing is, she didn't have
a mean bone in her body.
Just a really big dreamer.
For some reason,
it's the monsters
who offer the biggest dreams.
♪ contemplative music ♪
***
[sighs]
That's the first time
he ever hit me.
First time he ever
raised his voice at me.
That's because you saw through
the dream to the monster.
Once he realized you knew
what he really is...
...no need to hide it anymore.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[sniffles]
Hey.
It's okay.
[Cruz scoffs]
It's the furthest thing
from okay.
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
***
I think it might be nice
to feel something
other than shame and fear.
Just forget for a moment.
[exhales sharply]
I'm not sure
I'm the cure for that.
[sniffles]
Maybe I'm the cure.
[knock at door]
♪ pulsing, intriguing music ♪
[sighs]
[Bobby]
Come bearing gifts.
- [laughs]
- What the fuck
- are you guys doing here?
- We're on a base hold.
They don't have a house
prepped for us.
Go sleep in the fucking
barracks.
- Hey, where's your...?
- [Two Cups] No more bunks.
Oh, I get it.
Oh, oh, oh.
Don't ask, don't tell.
Oh, they changed that rule.
You can ask and tell now.
[Randy] What you got
in the way of food, Cruz?
I don't know.
Fucking protein powder
and peanut butter.
Okay. Making a grocery run.
[Bobby]
Ah, excuse me.
You got to be fucking
kidding me.
- Hey, Bobby, I need a beer.
- Tex, got your beer.
- Tex, keys.
- Oh, yeah.
[Bobby]
Here you go.
Sorry about the interruption.
No, you're not
interrupting anything.
Oh, no, we're interrupting
something now.
Xbox! We are
in fucking business.
Your sword, sir.
Line of sight. Let's go.
I got to beat this motherfucker
today, tonight, right now.
[Randy]
Two Cups, you never win.
[Two Cups]
Here we go, motherfucker.
[sighs]
[Joe sighs]
It was a fluke.
My cell was in my vest,
which was fucking stupid.
You took a round.
Wasn't about the vest.
Wasn't about the cell phone.
You were up against
superior forces, Joe.
- It was reckless.
- Kaitlyn,
they were trafficking children.
Treating them worse
than they did in Afghanistan,
or Sudan
or Syria?
I can't wage war
against a culture.
Children are cash crops
to these people.
Stopping a human-smuggling ring
was not the mission.
Eradicating foreign
intelligence influence
over cartels was the mission,
and we failed.
In every way,
Dallas was a disaster.
You had a Lioness
who was unprepared
and oversight from an operator
with zero experience.
Didn't I fucking say
this was gonna happen?
I asked you for months,
and I got weeks.
I was fed an asset.
I was forced to work
with outside agencies
who have no experience
and might even be
the ones that set us up.
They aren't.
At least, your contact isn't.
[breathes deeply]
You and I arguing over it
is gonna solve nothing.
We need a target,
and we need containment.
And we need it fast.
Are they releasing you
- in the morning?
- Yes.
- What is the doctor's prognosis?
- You know doctors.
They say it takes
three months to heal
from a fucking tonsillectomy.
I'm good.
How's the family taking this?
Like you'd expect.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[bottles clinking]
[gasps]
[groans]
[whispering]
Hey. Hey.
What?
There's an empty spot
on the bed in our room. Take it.
Are you sleeping on the floor?
Yeah, my back can't do
the soft mattresses.
Okay. You with Tex?
- Tucker.
- [groans]
How am I supposed to share a bed
with that giant?
[laughs]
Just making an offer.
Besides, the amount
of methane gas
that you two probably
produce in one night?
No, that's fucking gross.
I'm not dying of
fart asphyxiation. Mm-mm.
I don't know what that means,
but it sounds like an insult.
It means I love you.
I love you, too, Baba.
- Night.
- [sniffles] Night.
Hey.
I can sleep on the floor.
No, you're good. You're fine.
[exhales]
What do you think happens
to the mission?
I think the mission's over.
Because of me?
No.
No, not because of you.
Because of me.
I shouldn't have stepped in.
Should have...
let it play out.
See if you could get it
under control.
[exhales]
[sighs]
So much for forgetting.
[grunts softly]
Joe, hold on.
I can walk, Neal.
Yeah, the doctor said
you got to rest, Joe...
[strains]
Yeah. You know what?
But resting doesn't mean
being carried.
There's nothing wrong
with my legs.
[sighs]
[laughs]
- [Joe] Girls?
- Mom?
[chuckles]
Is it okay to hug you?
Of course it's okay to hug me.
Hey, not too tight.
Not too tight.
Hi. Oh.
Mm.
- You don't look sick, Mom.
- [Joe] I'm not sick.
I'm-I'm just, um, a little sore.
Okay, I got you
all set up in here.
What is this?
No stairs for, you know,
at least a week.
Ooh, doctor didn't say that.
That's exactly what he said.
He said no exercise.
He didn't say anything
about the stairs.
No, that's
what this doctor said.
[chuckles softly]
You're my husband,
not my doctor.
[scoffs]
Joe, do you have any idea
how fragile an artery is?
Every time you step, it strains,
it splits, it twists.
I'm just, I'm gonna go
take a shower.
[Neal stammers]
[sighs]
Ow.
There's a car outside.
Yeah.
Doctor said not to drive.
He also said rest.
And if you won't do it here,
I'll take you back
to the hospital.
[closes zipper]
Goddamn it, Joe.
Your health is not something
to be stubborn over.
- Please, just, what...
- S-Stop.
Neal, I'm gonna do something...
I said I would never do.
I'm gonna talk about my job...
...and the little girl
about Charlie's age
we found abducted
and sold into slavery.
Slavery for what? Who knows.
Use the darkest corner
of your imagination.
Now, imagine this little girl
staring at you in the desert
as the man beside her
detonates a suicide vest.
Right in front
of your fucking eyes.
♪ gentle, plaintive music ♪
***
I'm not gonna rest.
And I'm not gonna take it easy.
I'm gonna make sure
that never happens again.
- How can you do that?
- That part of my job...
I won't talk about.
Jordanian GID
and IDF intelligence
picked up both of these
arriving in Istanbul.
[Westfield]
The fuck is she doing here?
- I asked her to be here.
- [Dixon] What is she doing here?
- I asked the same question.
- This is our deal now.
It's a joint deal.
Let's play nicely,
play together.
Go ahead.
Daiu Suen. Cantonese.
Undergrad at MIT,
PhD in Nuclear Engineering
from Tsinghua University,
Beijing.
This is Jun Hie Xiong.
He's actually
an American citizen,
born in Fullerton, California,
undergrad at MIT.
You might be noticing a theme.
He received his PhD
from the Royal Institute
of Technology in Stockholm.
They arrived on Monday.
And on Wednesday,
they were transported
to Diyarbakir Air Base.
It is a known
transshipment point to Iran
for assets and equipment.
Typically,
they would be transported
to Isfahan Nuclear facility.
We do have Predators in place
to strike should that happen,
however, the window for Iraqi
airspace is very narrow.
Suppose we wanted
the strike in Iran.
Uh, I don't know why
you would want that,
but obviously,
it does increase
our tactical opportunities.
[Dixon]
How do they transport?
They use land and air both,
depending on the situation
on the ground.
Our presence not far from there,
as well as enhanced
Kurdish militia elements,
guarantees that the transport
will probably be by helo.
Air traffic from Diyarbakir is
heavily monitored by IDF
and Jordan--
not to mention us--
so they will have to stay
below radar.
- [whispers] What is this?
- Not sure.
[Westfield]
Strike options.
[Amber] Outside of a drone,
I don't really know.
Unless you're comfortable
with invading Iranian airspace,
you could call in jets
from Eisenhower,
but then the whole world
is watching.
Can I...
Apologies.
I just need mission clarity.
I thought that this was related
to our operation
along the border.
You said yourself
that the suicide bomber
along the border
was most likely Iranian,
and that his detonation
was to eliminate an asset
that he was escorting.
Correct.
You also said a number
of the individuals
with him were Chinese.
They appeared Asian,
but I cannot say
that they were Chinese.
Are we having an issue
with Japanese or Korean
nationals bypassing immigration?
[sighs] We do not.
But I don't understand
the mission.
The mission
is to show Iran and China
that we aren't the only nation
with an open border.
Got it?
- Got it.
- [Westfield] Good.
What about Carrillo?
Are we discussing that here?
We'll take care of Carrillo,
don't-- Just worry about this.
[Westfield]
Strike options beyond a drone.
[Dixon] You could get a team
on the ground
if you have a flight path.
We could strike
with a Javelin or Stinger.
How do you get the team
in and out?
There's a Kurdish Peshmerga
outpost outside Sulaymaniyah.
You can fly helos in or out.
Well, if that's the case,
and they do move by vehicle,
you could just helo
a team in right here
and strike along that highway,
execute a VI
right on that bridge.
You sure you want
boots on the ground?
Because boots on the ground
takes it out of our hands.
What about a DAP from Sykes?
Assuming it's a transport
helicopter, no escort.
Move them from Sykes
to Sulaymaniyah with a helo.
After that,
it doesn't really matter
if you move them by helo
or you move them by convoy.
Now you got to bring in 160th,
get birds to Sykes.
Well, Sykes has the bird,
I have the pilot.
- [Dixon] You have a pilot?
- [chuckling] Yeah.
The one everyone chose for me.
Now I can finally do something
that she actually
is trained for.
Walk me through worst cases.
Worst case is the bird
gets shot down.
If that happens, you'd need
more than a five-man QRF
to get her out of there.
What do I need on the ground?
[Dixon]
At least two Delta teams
that've worked closely
with Kurdish militia.
Some armor, an MRAP at least.
I'd want some jets on alert.
They can scramble from Al-Asad.
I'd fucking love
another helo or exfil,
and an Apache.
You can get me that?
Want me to get her that?
I want these targets
eliminated in Iran.
Do not hit them in Iraq,
even if the opportunity
presents itself.
They need to know
how far we can reach.
[Dixon] I can get you
everything but the Apache.
Your CAS is coming from Al-Asad.
That's 30 minutes away,
you put them in the air
when the mission launches.
[Westfield]
Can we run this under your flag?
It'd make air support
a lot simpler.
[Dixon] TFO runs intelligence
and logistics.
- Who has tactical?
- I can do it.
[sighs]
Don't wish for what
you don't want, Joe.
I want it.
[Westfield sighs]
I need it.
I can't walk away on a loss.
You can't ask that of me.
Please.
You observe and advise only.
Understood?
Got it.
No, is that fucking understood?
You spring a leak in Iran,
you better bleed out.
Because if they get
their hands on you,
they will parade you
through the streets
and run you up a flagpole.
That is a level
of mission failure
that is impossible to overstate.
Stay on base,
no matter what happens.
Understood.
Okay.
Let's do it.
- Let's get approval.
- You have approval.
Not yours to give.
They need deniability
if this bellies up.
They don't want to know.
You got me?
You have logistics and intel.
You pull a team, loop in AF
and keep it quiet.
- Yes, sir.
- [Westfield] All right.
Yee-fucking-haw.
Always makes me nervous
how happy they get.
All right.
Know your bounds, your limits.
- [Joe sighs]
- And don't become a liability.
- You're not coming with me?
- No.
I have to go to Costa Rica,
clean up our other mess.
But, um, my advice,
don't go home.
He's not gonna take this well.
Okay?
Alert the team.
Good luck.
Hey.
Use it.
[birds singing]
[Two Cups farts]
[sniffs]
Damn it, man.
Fuck.
Fuck died in you?
♪ gentle, contemplative music ♪
***
[moans softly]
[moaning]
[phone chimes]
What is it?
[sighs]
[water running]
[phone chimes]
[other phones chiming]
Hey, is everybody up?
[Randy]
All our shit's in Bliss.
Think they're gonna
send it over?
[Tucker]
Our gear's still in Texas.
Okay, we'll go to the Unit,
kit up here.
Yeah, they love it
when we show up
and pirate all their shit.
I got Direct Support
loading an ISU.
It'll meet us at Al-Asad.
We're going back to Iraq?
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
Why are we going back to Iraq?
You got to get dressed.
We got to go.
- Go where?
- Uh, I don't know.
All I know is we're wheels up
in a half hour.
I thought the mission was over.
It ain't over.
Come on, let's go.
♪ pulsing, intense music ♪
***
[vehicle approaching]
[engine turns off]
- They load an ISU for us?
- They're loading three.
We're meeting up with
another team, in country.
[Bobby]
What are we doing?
We putting her back in?
I'll explain on the plane.
[Tucker]
Is it gonna get spicy?
Oh, yeah, it's gonna get spicy.
I love it
when things gets spicy.
How spicy is it gonna get?
This one's
right up your alley, Cruz.
Am I a part of this?
You're the part.
You get to save the day.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
How am I gonna do that?
We're gonna find out
how well you fly.
You're not making me fly
this fucking thing, are you?
No, but we've got something else
for you to fly.
[chattering on TV]
[phone ringing]
Hey.
[Joe] Hey.
How you feeling?
Little tired. Sore.
- Like a bad stomach ache.
- Yeah, well, that'll happen
after a major surgery
on your fucking torso.
Neal, I don't want to fight.
Well, stop picking them, then.
[jet engine whirring]
What's that sound, Joe?
It's a plane.
[sighs] Right.
I don't know how long
I'll be this time.
Oh, I know how long you'll be
gone if those sutures tear.
- Forever.
- Neal...
And what am I supposed
to tell our fucking girls, huh?
We're gonna be worried fucking
sick until you come home.
She was right when she said
don't go home.
Tell them that I...
Tell them that I believe
in what I do,
and I do it for them.
Oh, fuck, I'm not
gonna tell them that.
Then tell them
whatever you want.
Yeah, I think I'll tell them
the truth this time.
Like I said,
tell them whatever you want.
But do one thing for me.
Just kiss them for me, okay?
Oh, no, no.
No, I'm gonna kiss them for me.
And when you come home
and decide to make your children
a fucking priority
like they deserve to be,
then you can kiss them yourself,
you fucking--
[line beeps]
[sighs]
♪ pulsing, dark music ♪
***
♪ atmospheric music ♪
♪ exciting music ♪
***